Doc 1.3 tweaks (#2397)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/gs_programming.rst

|                   |            | :ref:`nrf52833dk_nrf52820 <zephyr:nrf52833dk_nrf52820>`         | ``nrf52833dk_nrf52820``               |
+-------------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| nRF52840 DK       | PCA10056   | :ref:`nrf52840dk_nrf52840 <zephyr:nrf52840dk_nrf52840>`         | ``nrf52840dk_nrf52840``               |
|                   |            +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
|                   |            | :ref:`nrf52840dk_nrf52811 <zephyr:nrf52840dk_nrf52811>`         | ``nrf52840dk_nrf52811``               |
+-------------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| nRF52840 Dongle   | PCA10059   | :ref:`nrf52840dongle_nrf52840 <zephyr:nrf52840dongle_nrf52840>` | ``nrf52840dongle_nrf52840``           |
+-------------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

> | Thingy:52         | PCA20020   | :ref:`thingy52_nrf52832 <zephyr:thingy52_nrf52832>`             | ``thingy52_nrf52832``                 |

Reviewer: Do we support Thingy:52?

Author: Well, Zephyr does

Reviewer: Zephyr also supports nRF51 DK.

+-------------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| nRF5340 PDK       | PCA10095   | :ref:`nrf5340pdk_nrf5340 <zephyr:nrf5340pdk_nrf5340>`           | ``nrf5340pdk_nrf5340_cpunet``         |
|                   |            |                                                                 |                                       |

> |                   |            |                                                                 | ``nrf5340pdk_nrf5340_cpunetns``       |

Reviewer 2: There is no such target. It should be `nrf5340pdk_nrf5340_cpuappns`.

Author: Fixed, thank you

|                   |            |                                                                 | ``nrf5340pdk_nrf5340_cpuapp``         |
+-------------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| nRF9160 DK        | PCA10090   | :ref:`nrf9160dk_nrf9160 <zephyr:nrf9160dk_nrf9160>`             | ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160``                 |
|                   |            |                                                                 |                                       |
|                   |            |                                                                 | ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns``               |
|                   |            +-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
|                   |            | :ref:`nrf9160dk_nrf52840 <zephyr:nrf9160dk_nrf52840>`           | ``nrf9160dk_nrf52840``                |
+-------------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

Boards included in sdk-nrf
==========================

> Those boards are defined in ``nrf/boards/arm/<board name>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following boards are defined in the :file:`nrf/boards/arm/` folder.
```

+-------------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| Hardware platform | PCA number | Board name                                               | Build target                          |
+===================+============+==========================================================+=======================================+

> | nRF Desktop       | PCA20041   | ``nrf52840gmouse_nrf52840``                              | ``nrf52840gmouse_nrf52840``           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nRF Desktop       | PCA20041   | :ref:`nrf52840gmouse_nrf52840 <nrf_desktop>`                              | ``nrf52840gmouse_nrf52840``           |
```

| Gaming Mouse      |            |                                                          |                                       |
+-------------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

> | nRF Desktop       | PCA20045   | ``nrf52810dmouse_nrf52810``                              | ``nrf52810dmouse_nrf52810``           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nRF Desktop       | PCA20045   | :ref:`nrf52810dmouse_nrf52810 <nrf_desktop>`                              | ``nrf52810dmouse_nrf52810``           |
```

| Mouse             |            |                                                          |                                       |
+-------------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

> | nRF Desktop       | PCA20037   | ``nrf52kbd_nrf52832``                                    | ``nrf52kbd_nrf52832``                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nRF Desktop       | PCA20037   | :ref:`nrf52kbd_nrf52832 <nrf_desktop>`                                    | ``nrf52kbd_nrf52832``                 |
```

| Keyboard          |            |                                                          |                                       |
+-------------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

> | nRF Desktop       | PCA20044   | ``nrf52dmouse_nrf52832``                                 | ``nrf52dmouse_nrf52832``              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nRF Desktop       | PCA20044   | :ref:`nrf52dmouse_nrf52832 <nrf_desktop>`                                 | ``nrf52dmouse_nrf52832``              |
```

| Mouse             |            |                                                          |                                       |
+-------------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

> | nRF Desktop       | PCA20111   | ``nrf52833dongle_nrf52833``                              | ``nrf52833dongle_nrf52833``           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nRF Desktop       | PCA20111   | :ref:`nrf52833dongle_nrf52833 <nrf_desktop>`                              | ``nrf52833dongle_nrf52833``           |
```

| Dongle            |            |                                                          |                                       |
+-------------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

> | nRF Desktop       | PCA20114   | ``nrf52820dongle_nrf52820``                              | ``nrf52820dongle_nrf52820``           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nRF Desktop       | PCA20114   | :ref:`nrf52820dongle_nrf52820 <nrf_desktop>`                              | ``nrf52820dongle_nrf52820``           |
```

| Gaming Mouse      |            |                                                          |                                       |
+-------------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| nRF Desktop       | PCA20045   | :ref:`nrf52810dmouse_nrf52810 <nrf_desktop>`             | ``nrf52810dmouse_nrf52810``           |
| Mouse             |            |                                                          |                                       |
+-------------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| nRF Desktop       | PCA20037   | :ref:`nrf52kbd_nrf52832 <nrf_desktop>`                   | ``nrf52kbd_nrf52832``                 |
| Keyboard          |            |                                                          |                                       |
+-------------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

> | nRF Desktop       | PCA20044   | :ref:`nrf52dmouse_nrf52832 <nrf_desktop>`                | ``nrf52dmouse_nrf52832``              |

Reviewer: Is there a reason for this order? I would list all mouse devices first, then the keyboard.

| Mouse             |            |                                                          |                                       |
+-------------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

> | nRF Desktop       | PCA20111   | :ref:`nrf52833dongle_nrf52833 <nrf_desktop>`             | ``nrf52833dongle_nrf52833``           |

Reviewer 3: pca10111

| Dongle            |            |                                                          |                                       |
+-------------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

> | nRF Desktop       | PCA20114   | :ref:`nrf52820dongle_nrf52820 <nrf_desktop>`             | ``nrf52820dongle_nrf52820``           |

Reviewer 3: pca10114
